WIP: KCSEU23 Initial Stub Out (#365)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/events/2023/kcseu/faq.md

---
title: "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)"
type: docs
weight: 7
---

- [When is the summit taking place?](#when-is-the-summit-taking-place)
- [Where is the summit located?](#where-is-the-summit-located)
- [Will I be able to attend remotely?](#will-i-be-able-to-attend-remotely)
- [Why is vaccination required to attend in-person?](#why-is-vaccination-required-to-attend-in-person)
- [Do I need to wear a mask?](#do-i-need-to-wear-a-mask)
- [Why do I need to be a Kubernetes Org member to attend in-person?](#why-do-i-need-to-be-a-kubernetes-org-member-to-attend-in-person)
- [What is a sponsored attendee?](#what-is-a-sponsored-attendee)
- [I have an idea for a session](#i-have-an-idea-for-a-session)
- [My SIG wants to meet at the Summit](#my-sig-wants-to-meet-at-the-summit)
- [Will there be a doc sprint?](#will-there-be-a-doc-sprint)
- [Will there be a New Contributor Workshop?](#will-there-be-a-new-contributor-workshop)
- [Can I bring a guest to the Social?](#can-i-bring-a-guest-to-the-social)
- [I have a question! How do I contact the event staff?](#i-have-a-question-how-do-i-contact-the-event-staff)

### When is the summit taking place?

> May 18th, the Tuesday of [KubeCon Europe].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
April 18th, the first day of [KubeCon Europe].
```

[KubeCon Europe]: https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/

### Where is the summit located?

The in-person location at the
<a href="https://www.rai.nl/en" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">RAI Amsterdam</a>,
See the [Location & Venue] section for more information.

[Location & Venue]: /events/2023/kcseu/location/

### Will I be able to attend remotely?

No, based on our experience with Kubecon NA 2021, we do not expect to be able
to support remote access for this event.

### Why is vaccination required to attend in-person?

As a co-located event, the summit is required to adhere to KubeCon’s
<a href="https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/attend/health-and-safety/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">
Health & Safety Guidelines</a>. There may be additional restrictions that
develop closer to the event, and we will update the event accordingly to follow
venue, municipality and CDC guidelines at a minimum.

### Do I need to wear a mask?

Masks are recommended, but not required for event attendees.

### Why do I need to be a Kubernetes Org member to attend in-person?

> With uncertain attendance and staffing, we made this decision to ensure we can
> put on an event to the best of our ability.
> 
> Kubernetes Orgs:
> 
> <ul>
> <li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes</a></li>
> <li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes-client" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes-client</a></li>
> <li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes-csi rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes-csi</a></li>
> <li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes-sigs</a></li>
> </ul>
> 
> If you are not yet a member, but active within the project, please consider
> joining! The process of joining is straight forward. See our [org membership]
> docs for more information. If your application to join is pending, please
> contact us at community@kubernetes.io about registering.
> 
> [org membership]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#member

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome everyone to start contributing to the project, but with 1600+
Kubernetes Org members and limited space and budget requirements we've
made the decision to limit attendance to those that are already actively
engaged with the project.

If you are not yet a member, but active within the project, please consider
joining! The process of joining is straight forward. See our [org membership]
docs for more information. If your application to join is pending, please
contact us at community@kubernetes.io about registering.

Kubernetes Orgs:

<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes</a></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes-client" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes-client</a></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes-csi rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes-csi</a></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes-sigs</a></li>
</ul>

[org membership]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#member
```

We updated the language for NA last year, and it should probably be the thing to carry forward 👍

### What is a sponsored attendee?

If you are a SIG lead or subproject owner and there is someone that is not yet
an org member or from another project that might take part in a panel,
SIG face-to-face meeting etc, you can sponsor them to attend the summit.
Please [email us] to make arrangements.

### I have an idea for a session

> Most of the Summit will be unconference-style, so you will have an opportunity
> to propose a session the morning of the Summit.  However, we have a couple of
> time slots for plenary sessions around the unconference ones, so if you have 
> a topic that you think needs the whole community's attention, please [add it to
> the issue](TODO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the Summit will be unconference-style, so you will have an opportunity
to propose a session closer to the Summit itself. If you have an idea for a talk,
workshop or panel please post your idea to the unconference issue or the CFP
form once they become available.  
```

Removes the TODO so folks don't click the link and go no where 👍

### My SIG wants to meet at the Summit

> We will provide space for SIG, WG, Committee, and other Kubernetes team meetings
> at the Summit.  If you think your team will want to hold one of these, please 
> add your team to [the meeting schedule](TODO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not know yet if we will be able to request additional space outside of
the colo event space on Tuesday, April 18th. We will update this page and send
out community wide messages about it once the details are available.
```

Edited to remove TODO and give the current status of the space options.

### Will there be a doc sprint?

Yes, SIG-Docs plans to hold a Doc Sprint at the Summit, which will run for the
full day from 11am to 5pm.

### Will there be a New Contributor Workshop?

> No, with uncertain attendance and staffing, we made this decision to ensure we
> can put on an event to the best of our ability. For those that are interested
> in becoming a contributor, SIG ContribEx plans to launch a course later this year.
> 
> Until then, here are some additional resources you may find useful:
> - [New Contributor Workshop 2019 - Barcelona](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQ7y2TFOzF4&list=PL69nYSiGNLP2WTJ6P8sQenhf0RY-JqF5L)
> - [New Contributor Workshop 2019 - San Diego](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUJrGwAom-E&list=PL69nYSiGNLP0OWp38tPBc-jSlMmwWr6Ci&index=15)
> - [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](/docs/guide/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, they are very time, person and resource intensive. We encourage those
interested in becoming a contributor to use the New Contributor Course 
slated to launch later this year.

Until then, here are some additional resources you may find useful:
- [New Contributor Workshop 2019 - Barcelona](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQ7y2TFOzF4&list=PL69nYSiGNLP2WTJ6P8sQenhf0RY-JqF5L)
- [New Contributor Workshop 2019 - San Diego](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUJrGwAom-E&list=PL69nYSiGNLP0OWp38tPBc-jSlMmwWr6Ci&index=15)
- [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](/docs/guide/)
```

Updated with verbage we used for NA

- [Why do I need to be a Kubernetes Org member to attend in-person?](#why-do-i-need-to-be-a-kubernetes-org-member-to-attend-in-person)
- [What is a sponsored attendee?](#what-is-a-sponsored-attendee)
- [I have an idea for a session](#i-have-an-idea-for-a-session)
- [My SIG wants to meet at the Summit](#my-sig-wants-to-meet-at-the-summit)
- [Will there be a doc sprint?](#will-there-be-a-doc-sprint)
- [Will there be a New Contributor Workshop?](#will-there-be-a-new-contributor-workshop)
- [Can I bring a guest to the Social?](#can-i-bring-a-guest-to-the-social)
- [I have a question! How do I contact the event staff?](#i-have-a-question-how-do-i-contact-the-event-staff)

### When is the summit taking place?

April 18th, the first day of [KubeCon Europe].

[KubeCon Europe]: https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/

### Where is the summit located?

The in-person location at the
<a href="https://www.rai.nl/en" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">RAI Amsterdam</a>,
See the [Location & Venue] section for more information.

[Location & Venue]: /events/2023/kcseu/location/

### Will I be able to attend remotely?

> No, based on our experience with Kubecon NA 2021, we do not expect to be able

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No, based on our experience with Kubecon NA 2022, we do not expect to be able
```

<li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes-client" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes-client</a></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes-csi rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes-csi</a></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">kubernetes-sigs</a></li>
</ul>

[org membership]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#member

### What is a sponsored attendee?

If you are a SIG lead or subproject owner and there is someone that is not yet
an org member or from another project that might take part in a panel,
SIG face-to-face meeting etc, you can sponsor them to attend the summit.
Please [email us] to make arrangements.

### I have an idea for a session

Most of the Summit will be unconference-style, so you will have an opportunity
to propose a session closer to the Summit itself. If you have an idea for a talk,
workshop or panel please post your idea to the unconference issue or the CFP
form once they become available.  

### My SIG wants to meet at the Summit

> We do not know yet if we will be able to request additional space outside of
> the colo event space on Tuesday, April 18th. We will update this page and send
> out community wide messages about it once the details are available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We expect to have some space for SIG meetings during the Contributor Summit itself on the 18th.  We will update this page, and reach out to SIG Leads, once we have a detailed plan for meetings.
```

Per Monday's meeting, we're probably going to have a meetings track next to the unconference.
